hello everyone its Alaina and I'm back
of another video and today I want to
talk to you guys about reading
techniques for university because about
a month into law school I realized that
the way I was doing my work just wasn't
working so don't get me wrong here I was
doing my work so whenever I had an
assignment and I had to read text I
would read them and then I would take
notes in them and then I would try to
incorporate them in my essays and so on
now the problem was that whenever I had
a text that I had to read I would get
the text read it once take notes and
then I was done with it and that
technique just wasn't really working
because when you're in university you
have to read a lot of academic writing
and very often use a journal articles or
book chapters and they can be anything
from you know five pages to Ferdie pages
or longer and when you read them just
once very often you just remember the
things on the last few pages but you
don't actually you know have a good idea
of what the article was really about and
that's why I sometimes didn't even fully
grasp the thesis so the main argument of
these texts but rather I get stuck on
tiny details that were mentioned on the
last few pages but those were actually
pretty much irrelevant for my degree so
I want your bookstore and I picked up a
few books on studying law that were
supposed to you know teach you some
study techniques for law school and I
actually found that really really useful
and in hindsight I wish I had read these
books before law school because it
really would have helped me better well
at least I found them a month into law
school and not a year into law school
and one thing that I took away from
these books was a reading technique
because all that they had in common was
that they were not recommending to
reading techniques that I was using for
obvious reasons because it's just not
working and here's the reading technique
that I found really useful for a law
school and I would highly recommend this
for any academic writing that you're
reading I wouldn't really recommend this
for case law but I would definitely
recommend it for academic writing
because academic writing tends to be
written in a very similar structure so
you can really easily use this reading
technique with any academic text that
you have to read so now I'm going to
explain to you guys how to it reading
technique works and I'm gonna use an
example paper in order to explain it and
I'm gonna use paper
by Justine Hirsch in the international
and comparative law quarterly and it's
called African countries in a world
trading system international trade
domestic institutions and the role of
international law it's a really
interesting paper on how international
trade senders can affect the economic
growth of developing countries and I
would highly recommend reading it if
anybody's interested I'm going after a
full citation off the paper in the
infobox below if you're interested and
yeah now we're going to get into the
reading technique so the first thing
you're going to do is look at the title
which already give you a bit of an idea
of what could generally be discussed in
this article and then ask yourself what
you want to get from this reading what
kind of information are you interested
in are you interested in information
about power of balance or imbalance in
the international trading system are you
interested in the international law
aspect are you more interested in
economic growth in developing countries
are you maybe interested in only a
specific country really think about what
is it that interests you because you
usually don't read academic writing for
fun you may do that but usually you're
reading it for a particular purpose so
you don't need to get stuck on any
details that aren't even relevant for
what you're studying so really think
about that and once you have your goal
in mind then read the introduction go
over all the titles and read the
conclusion because academic writing and
like novels gives away its main argument
and ending right away in the
introduction they will tell you what
they're arguing for and then the entire
paper is about that argument and you
know defending and supporting it so I
can Democrat in gives you the big
conclusion right at the start that's why
when you read the introduction and
conclusion you will already have a
pretty good idea of what that paper is
really about so that's why read the
introduction and then just scroll
through the paper but read through all
the headings and then read the
conclusion if it's a very long paper or
it just has a lot of different sections
I would recommend taking a little piece
of paper and just writing down to
different headings up to sections
because this gives you a better overview
of what is included in this paper
because the headings do give you an
indication of what is discussed we're
also very often in the introduction they
will also tell you exactly what will be
discussed in which section so pay
attention
that because you may not have to read
all the sections and once you decide
then think about what part of his paper
am I really interested in and what do I
have to read from this
so now you've done all that you already
know the main thesis of that paper
because you've read the introduction and
the conclusion and I'll recommend
writing down that thesis and try to
summarize it in one sentence and when
you can do that you actually have
grasped the thesis then you really
understand this is the main point
they're making you may not understand
all the tiny bitty details about it yeah
but you do know this is their main
argument and that's really important
because if your teacher asks you have
you read this can you summarize this
really quick this is your summary the
thesis and that's it because that is the
main thing you take from any academic
writing now once you know that you can
actually dive into the details and now
look at your list of sections and ask
yourself I'll do all relevant for me and
it is very well possible that you don't
need to read all of them so when I was
reading this paper I was very interested
in how animal rights law can affect
country's economic growth and where the
day for it is even a chance to support
it on an international level at this
point in time but I wasn't very
interested in you know the nitty-gritty
details about economic models so for
example the section that they call the
new institutional economics approach to
economic development that was not very
relevant to me I was more interested in
the actual facts but I didn't need a
lesson on economics because I wasn't
writing an economics paper so I could
disregard the section in Juno just move
on but if you're an economics student
this might be the one section of this
paper that you're really interested in
so really make a conscious decision
about what you're gonna read and what
you're not gonna read and by doing that
you only read what you actually need to
read and then it's so much easier to
only get the main points and not get
stuck on any details that you probably
thought were interesting but might be
really irrelevant to your degree so that
way you have ok overviews to read those
sections and after you read a section
summarize you mean takeaways in one to
two sentences don't give yourself more
with that because anything
put in one to two sentences is probably
not part of the main argument of third
section and you have to really be strict
about this with yourself because at the
end of the day you are reading this
paper in order to later on study for
your exam and at the time you will study
for your exams you will have read
hundreds of articles and if you have a
full page on every article it's getting
really really really hard to study all
of them for your exams so you can't do
that so that's why you should really try
to summarize it in as little sentences
as you can in order to really ensure
that you only put key takeaways in it
and I actually found that this technique
saved me a lot of time which really
surprised me because when I first read
about it in these books that I bought I
was like oh god this is gonna cost me a
lot of time because you know you have to
first of all ask yourself what do you
want from this article then you know go
for the entire paper we're just looking
at the subheadings and stuff and I was
like whoa that's probably me wasting my
time but actually no it's me making use
of my time because by deciding what I'm
gonna read and what I'm not gonna read
I've probably saved myself hundreds of
pages of reading that really I wouldn't
have needed it anyway and that's that I
wouldn't really recommend this strategy
for case law because cases tend to be
structured a little bit differently in
an academic writing but it definitely
works with academic writings whether
it's journal article or a book chapter
it has helped me so much I hope you guys
found this video helpful thank you so
much for watching have a nice day bye